For further learning in the Pluralsight library I would
recommend you hit Mike Halsey's course,
Windows Virus and Malware Troubleshooting.
Mike is a really skilled trainer and a seasoned IT pro,
so that's going to be some excellent real-world guidance.
MVP, by the way, stands for Most Valuable Professional.
It's a Microsoft award program that Microsoft gives out to community
members that they feel make a substantial impact.
Also, there's Glenn Weadock's Windows Server 2016 Security Hardening,
and I submit that it's good for you as you're working and
building your Windows 10 expertise to constantly compare and
contrast with the server experience,
especially if you're going into IT and you have
aspirations for systems administration, you need to know client and server sides equally well.